Add samples and requirements to Pathways features (#421)
MobilityData/gtfs.org: docs/getting_started/features/pathways.md

Location types are used to classify key areas within transit stations such as exits/entrances, nodes or boarding areas, as well as their relationship. Location types serve as a fundation for modeling transit stations using Pathways.

**Pre-requirements**: Implement base features.

| Files included                   | Fields included   |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|
|[stops.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#stopstxt)|`location_type`, `parent_station` |

??? note "Sample Data"
    <p style="font-size:16px">

>     The following table defines multiple nodes within a parent station in `stops.txt`, specifying platforms, entrances and exists and generic nodes.

Reviewer: It would be nice to repeat "location types" or "locations" in this definition. 

```suggestion
    The following sample defines multiple locations within a transit station in `stops.txt`: the parent station, representing the main location, and its child locations such as platforms, entrances/exists, and generic nodes.
```

        | A102_S06     | Main Street station - Bottom of south platform stairs |             3 | Station_A102   |
        | A102_F01     | Main Street station - Paid side of fare gate          |             3 | Station_A102   |
        | A102_F02     | Main Street station - Unpaid side of fare gate        |             3 | Station_A102   |

## Pathway connections

At its foundational level, Pathways offers basic functionality to connect key areas defined in Location types within a station. These connections form pathways, enabling users to obtain precise directions (e. g. from an entrance to the boarding area), which is particularly useful in navigating large and complex transit stations.

**Pre-requirements**: Implement base features and location type feature.

| Files included                   | Fields included   |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|
|[pathways.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#pathwaystxt)|`pathway_id`, `from_stop_id`, `to_stop_id`, `pathway_mode`, `is_bidirectional` |

??? note "Sample Data"
    <p style="font-size:16px">

>     The following table defines multiple connections (also referred to as pathways) between pre-established nodes, including walkways, stairs and fare gates, while also defining its bidirectionality.

Reviewer: - we should stick to "locations" or "location types" when talking about all the different locations. Using "node" could create confusion since one single location type is called "generic node"
- we can remove "including" since you call out all pathway modes that appear in the sample. 

```suggestion
    The following sample defines multiple connections (also referred to as pathways) between pre-established locations: walkways (`pathway_mode=1`), stairs (`pathway_mode=2`), and fare gate (`pathway_mode=6`). Bi-directionality is also specified.
```

        | MainSt-004 |           |       0.9 |    2.9 |             |
        | MainSt-005 |         0 |       3.5 |      5 |             |
        | MainSt-006 |           |       2.2 |        |          18 |
        | MainSt-007 |         0 |       3.5 |      5 |             |
        | MainSt-008 |           |       2.2 |        |          18 |
        | MainSt-009 |         0 |         6 |      2 |             |
        | MainSt-010 |         0 |         6 |      2 |             |
       

## Levels

Levels can be used to list all different levels within a station, providing users with an additional layer of information to stations. This feature also enables the use of elevators in conjunction with the Pathways connections feature.

**Pre-requirements**: Implement base features and location type feature.

| Files included                   | Fields included   |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|
|[levels.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#levelstxt)|`level_id`, `level_index`, `level_name`|
|[stops.txt](/documentation/schedule/reference/#stopstxt)|`level_id`|

??? note "Sample Data"
    <p style="font-size:16px">

>     The following tables define a list of existing levels and assign them to pre-established nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample define a list of existing levels and assign them to pre-established locations.
```
